add Extra Arguments for Component Manager. (#4904)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Intermediate/Composition.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``ros2 component load`` command-line supports passing particular options to the component manager for use when constructing the node.

> These optional arguments can be used as follow example of ``use_intra_process_comms`` and ``forward_global_arguments``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the use of the extra arguments ``use_intra_process_comms`` and ``forward_global_arguments``:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   ros2 component load /ComponentManager composition composition::Talker -e use_intra_process_comms:=true -e forward_global_arguments:=false

> As of now, the following extra arguments are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following extra arguments are supported.
```

.. list-table:: Extra Arguments for Component Manager
   :widths: 15 15 15 15
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Argument
     - Type
     - Default
     - Description
   * - ``forward_global_arguments``
     - Boolean
     - True
     - Apply global arguments to the component node when loading.
   * - ``enable_rosout``
     - Boolean
     - True

>      - Enable ``rosout`` topic publisher to the component node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Enable the ``rosout`` topic publisher in the component node.
```

   * - ``use_intra_process_comms``
     - Boolean
     - False

>      - Enable intra-process communication to the component node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Enable intra-process communication in the component node.
```

   * - ``enable_topic_statistics``
     - Boolean
     - False

>      - Enable topic statistics publisher to the component node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Enable a topic statistics publisher in the component node.
```

   * - ``start_parameter_services``
     - Boolean
     - True

>      - Enable services to manage parameters to the component node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Enable services to manage parameters in the component node.
```

   * - ``start_parameter_event_publisher``
     - Boolean
     - True

>      - Enable parameter event publisher to the component node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Enable the parameter event publisher in the component node.
```

   * - ``use_clock_thread``
     - Boolean
     - True

>      - Enable a dedicated clock thread to the component node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Enable a dedicated clock thread in the component node.
```

   * - ``enable_logger_service``
     - Boolean
     - False

>      - Enable logger level management service to the component node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Enable logger level management service in the component node.
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``ros2 component load`` command-line supports passing particular options to the component manager for use when constructing the node.

As of now, the following extra arguments are supported.

> .. list-table:: Extra Arguments for Component Manager

Reviewer 2: I think we should include at least one example, if not one example per table row. As a naive reader it is unclear what the syntax is precisely, or how to compose together multiple arguments. By looking at the previous examples I would guess that we use the `--forward_global_arguments True` but not everyone may make that leap. Better to be explicit than make the user try a few times.

Author: @kscottz thanks for the comment and review. how about the line 391 that explains how to use it in the command line. now i think maybe we should move that example before this table? what do you think?

Reviewer 2: I think before the table would work better. I think one example with two parameters passed in should be sufficient.

Author: that makes more sense. fixed in https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/4904/commits/1991c68831dbdaface3088e6416e84c4734e27d1
